editorial review of lock renewal sample (#5246)
Particular/docs.particular.net: samples/azure-service-bus-netstandard/lock-renewal/sample.md

snippet: override-lock-renewal-configuration

In the sample, `LockDuration` is set to 30 seconds, and `ExecuteRenewalBefore` is set to 5 seconds.

### Lock renewal behavior

The `LockRenewalFeature` uses the two settings to register the `LockRenewalBehavior` pipeline behavior. With `LockDuration` set to 30 seconds and `ExecuteRenewalBefore` set to 5 seconds, the lock will be renewed every 25 seconds (`LockDuration` - `ExecuteRenewalBefore`).

The behavior processes every incoming message and uses [native message access](/transports/azure-service-bus/native-message-access.md) to get the message's lock token, which is required for lock renewal.

snippet: native-message-access

The request to renew the lock must use the same Azure Service Bus connection object and queue path used to receive the incoming message. These items are available in the `TransportTransaction`:

snippet: get-connection-and-path

> With the lock token, connection object, and queue path, an Azure ServiceBus may be created to renew the lock. This is done in a background task, running in an infinite loop until the specified cancellation token is signaled as canceled.

Author: What is "an Azure ServiceBus" in this context? Will the reader understand this?

Reviewer: No, that's off. What it should be is
```suggestion
With the lock token, connection object, and queue path, an Azure Service Bus `MessageReceiver` object can be created to renew the lock. This is done in a background task, running in an infinite loop until the specified cancellation token is signalled as cancelled.
```

Author: 👍 btw the US English forms are "signaled" and "canceled".

```suggestion
With the lock token, connection object, and queue path, an Azure Service Bus `MessageReceiver` object may be created to renew the lock. This is done in a background task, running in an infinite loop until the specified cancellation token is signaled as canceled.
```
